what's going on guys game for a 95 hear
back from another pack away free today i
bought a abyss rising special edition
box so go ahead and rip this bad boy
open I opened you before never had any
luck some ways and really sucked like
they can open three boxes and i got like
to see crews first promo girl yeah it
was pretty bad and I I heard rumors when
I first came out but the ratios were
really really messed up dark mark for
some reason I don't I don't know why I'm
hoping that that's not necessarily case
but because I only opened like I don't
remember exactly what it was two or
three boxes I know in one of the boxes I
didn't even get a secret it's kind of
sucked so I'm hoping that that's not
really true so yeah they're good bad
girl and as probably you're watching
this we may or may not have had the
cosmo blazer special edition promos
announced and I'm hoping that uh alright
I think what's gonna happen is probably
shooting quasar is gonna come out
because you know all the fire support so
I mean it kind of just makes sense like
gagaga girl got five already some other
cars that probably
dude Black Rose fire monster definitely
needs a reprint I'm not sure if it will
be reprinted probably not card for GE I
could see that be reprinted in the star
pack I know exactly what's called it's
the one that comes out and take a really
small set or it's going to be reprinted
in the the new tins that are going to be
coming out zexal pins that they come on
my april or something I only know that
my like picture but I know like the in
the set there like three Ultimates like
seven or four ultras and like seven
supers I feel is a card party my team
ultimate in that because definitely use
a reprint so we'll have to see and darks
mom so we got six gagaga girl for birth
moms in ink yeah and six alright so
we're going to go ahead and get started
first ball hopefully we get lucky shore
night mr. bear on the first one I want
to do this for the packs up here promos
regular hollows so we're going to open
the left side I guess now we got our
first fall hollow a mermail abyss gunday
and number eight Harrell dick King
genome heritage oh god I've had so many
of those slushy and up the undersea
whore a secret rare wow really fast
cigarette obviously a piss megalos
probably the one you want to get but all
right we had a rare gaga ecotourism
next one Papa korn na forbidden dress
super rare oh that's not bad what are
the other I'm definitely looking to get
a gagaga cowboy super in the set slushy
and a giant soldier of Steel secret rare
that's a terrible secret there's so many
other cards that I get but the noble
arms our few did to her I'm not going to
try um Jack I got cowboy like in the
last month alone has gone on to like a
15-dollar card mermail abyss Sturge so
hopefully I can pull one but so far it's
pretty good madolche messenger lotto all
right and another mermail up this so
hard to pronounce diculous spellbook
star hall rare so Ron a bit of a drought
here but it's okay mine pollutin where
oh boy what else is there you have abyss
sphere is a good ultra I think humana
taurus and a spell book of fatal true
not bad some of the good secrets i think
the water Lord thing Gaga googoo arisen
and then you have grants public tower
for prophecies like a thirty forty
dollar card I think just as a prophecy
so first half we got two secrets to sue
prison and ultra I think this is not bad
if I double the amount to see if i get
for secrets that be crazy spell book of
eternity I don't think it's everyone
happy Emperor prophecy oz really random
polls oh my god much popcorn
mermail abyss plague and there we go
gagaga cowboy pretty awesome pool their
ass public star hall and then abyss
dweller the other super rare that's
really good in this set looks legit
exuberance and making this box worth it
human tourists and I'm their ultra spell
book of fate this is bad ultras Shore
night alpha night cards because they had
brushfire night cosmo blazer mermail
like this Coon not really gonna try to
pronounce it maybe we can even pull a
ghost rare mermail abyss mander snow
dust giant and an abyss squall there we
go it's like a five dollar super right
there a lot of good supers oh I think I
see an ultimate uh gagaga caesar and a
spell book of fate so we got a place
that in this box I don't think it's a
very good card but I could be completely
wrong mine clue got three packs left so
the last special edition what do we get
I'm mermail abyss mander all right here
I'm pretty happy with what I got so far
so not bad noble arms our future and
attack the moon super and final pack
what will we get advanced hair grower
and all just a rare this will do a quick
recap all in all it's a pretty good box
ratio wise is really good so we got two
secrets a giant soldier of steel and a
thunder seahorse it's secret right there
we got Wow one ultimate Slavic of fate
to ultra spell book of fate that's all
our ultras and Ultimates
and we got attacked the moon super an
abyss wall super forbidden dress super a
super abyss dweller super gagaga cowboy
and a super number eight heralded king
genom-heritage so I think you guys for
watching hopefully you enjoyed the video
like comment subscribe and see you guys
later peace